Datasets: Adding doc for DuckDB CLI integration (#1297)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/datasets-duckdb-combine-and-export.md

└──────────────────────┴──────────────────────┴────────────┴───────┴──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

```

We can export the result to a Parquet file using the `COPY` command:

```bash
COPY (SELECT a.image_url
        , a.caption AS card_caption
        , a.name
        , a.hp
        , b.text_en as wiki_caption 
FROM 'hf://datasets/TheFusion21/PokemonCards/train.csv' a 
JOIN 'hf://datasets/wanghaofan/pokemon-wiki-captions/data/*.parquet' b 
ON LOWER(a.name) = b.name_en) 
TO 'output.parquet' (FORMAT PARQUET);
```

Let's validate the new Parquet file:

```bash
SELECT COUNT(*) FROM 'output.parquet';

┌──────────────┐
│ count_star() │
│    int64     │
├──────────────┤
│         9460 │
└──────────────┘

```

<Tip>

You can also export to [CSV](https://duckdb.org/docs/guides/file_formats/csv_export), [Excel](https://duckdb.org/docs/guides/file_formats/excel_export
) and [JSON](https://duckdb.org/docs/guides/file_formats/json_export
) formats.

</Tip>

> Finally, let's push the resulting dataset to the Hub using the [Datasets](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/index) library in Python:
> 
> ```python
> from datasets import load_dataset
> 
> dataset = load_dataset("parquet", data_files="output.parquet")
> dataset.push_to_hub("asoria/duckdb_combine_demo")
> ```

Reviewer: Maybe explain that they can upload using the website or `huggingface_hub` ? (no need to force the use of a certain lib)

Maybe a simple link to https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/datasets-adding is fine

```suggestion
Finally, let's push the resulting dataset to the Hub. You can use the Hub UI, the `huggingface_hub` client library and more to upload your Parquet file, see more information [here](./datasets-adding).
```
